a moment of silence for the deceased
Robert Enke
the entire dfb should be the
national goalkeeper tribute in bonner
crew quarters sat shaking
and deeply shock president twenties
hurried to a comprehensive meeting
player-coach presidium met
in terms of country match against
chile on saturday a unanimous
decision
I have experienced players who do not like it
sometimes described also at
bad events immediately back to
go over the agenda but the
Mourning show honest mourning and show
also make clear that you to
mourn
time is needed nowhere
written how long you have to stop
Every single person has to do that for himself
of course the team as a whole
but answer from this conversation
This morning was for us all
By agreement, we can do that
Country match on Saturday against Chile in
Cologne does not make this decision
was looking at what happened
without alternative
Enke had been in the past
years to a figurehead and
respect person developed in the team
we have always considered him very strong
met very stable found
as someone who always smiles on
the face had the one incredible
positive impact on the team
in good and in bad times
also aired was therefore for
us in our planning in the
past but also in the future
a very important player
because he's the real one
Outcome for the team always
an important stop was the greatest possible
stunned exclusion
because no one has any
disease sign noticed
of course that shakes us all the more
and I can only say what that
President has said we have the
team again we sat together
must have at dinner last night
this bad news of the
team and the support staff
it may be with them
one or the other again give the
the comment is also theirs
Task if that's the right decision
is or not
They were not the one in the circle
and that's why I am now
feel on the players
all players traveled in the course of the
Fridays from Bonn from the robert death
enkes will be the national elf for a long time
overshadow